Revert geopmaccess -s feature (#2563)
geopm/geopm: service/integration/README.md

provide a form of tutorial for an end user learning how to interact
with the GEOPM service.

How to Run the Tests
--------------------

Each of the entry points for the integration tests is a script of the
form:

    geopm/integration/test/test_*.sh

Some of these tests require root privileges and these tests have names
of the form:

    geopm/integration/test/test_su_*.sh

> A limited set of privileges may be use by installing the helper
> scripts
> 
>     geopm/integration/kill_geopmd.sh
>     geopm/integration/get_batch_server.py
> 
> into `/usr/sbin` and adding these and the geopmaccess command line
> tool to the sudoers.  This enables the user that executes the tests to
> execute these three commands without providing a sudo password.  After
> this is done the `test_su_*.sh` scripts may be run as the test user
> rather than as root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A limited set of root privileges may be used by installing the helper
scripts

    geopm/integration/install_service.sh
    geopm/integration/kill_geopmd.sh
    geopm/integration/get_batch_server.py

into `/usr/sbin` and adding these and the `geopmaccess` command line
tool to the sudoers file.  This enables the user that executes the tests to
execute these four commands without providing a sudo password.  After
this is done the `test_su_*.sh` scripts may be run as a non-root user.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example modifications to the `/etc/sudoers` file tom enable testing with a non-root user are as follows.  Under the "User privilege specification" section add:

# All users can execute these with *no* password
%users  ALL=NOPASSWD: \
            /usr/sbin/get_batch_server.py,\
            /usr/sbin/install_service.sh,\
            /usr/sbin/kill_geopmd.sh,\
            /usr/bin/geopmaccess, \
            /usr/bin/systemctl stop geopm, \
            /usr/bin/systemctl start geopm, \
            /usr/bin/systemctl restart geopm
```
